Xiaoyun, why are you sitting here?
Every time we sit here, go to the side.
Lin Xia asked me to sit here. Besides,
Aren’t these all empty seats? Just sit wherever you want.
What does that trash know? He is just hurting you.
This table is placed in the middle,
It's the main seat. It is exclusive to Lord Shenchi.
so miss
this is where you are
Then we'll sit here too
You can't sit here
please go elsewhere
My girl can't sit here
why can't i sit here
Lord Kamichi is really
Do you dare to question Lord God and Earth?
I just said it casually
Tell me quickly
Got it
Let's live somewhere else together
If you personally agree
They can sit here too
Isn’t that okay?
Invisible to others
Now I respect a lot of Baoyu
If I hadn’t rejected the divine enemy,